### Cor
###### KMeans and Pixelation Image Editor
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cor makes use of the powerful Qt library for the gui components of the project and OpenCV for most of the image processing and editing. As far as the graphical elements of the project go, Qt was most likely the best option to employ for this case, as it would allow for a GUI to be created in a way where it is heavily modifiable, showing this in features it holds such as CSS styled stylesheet setting and the subclassing of "QWidgets" into custom GUI elements that could serve any purpose they were meant to. This program in particular defines all of the necessary classes to be employed in the header file firstmost, where they will then be employed within the cpp file and packaged and outputted in the main file. Because of the hierarchal and heavily inheritance-based architecture of Qt, this 'package' comes in the form of a 'QApplication', wherein the only lines in the main file will pertain to this object. The contents of the cpp file are further divided into the different pages in the application and the several different custom GUI elements and functional classes that were defined.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As far as the functionality of the program goes, the user is first prompted to enter a file path on their pc, or to drag a file into the window. The 'drag and drop' functionality of this element comes from installing a Qt event filter on the QObject that holds the text to tell when a mouse with a clicked file has entered to location of the QObject, and upon release, its metadata is collected, formatted, and outputted into the entry box. The user will then load their image, to which they have the choice to pixelize it or apply a 'K Means' filter on the image (k means segmentation is primarily used in the discipline of computer vision for AI tasks, but I've found it makes a particulary interesting image filter as well). If the user chooses to pixelize, the image will be resized using various interpolations to lose or gain detail as the user decides. If the user decides to apply the k means filter on the image, the image will be processed using OpenCV's native k means algorithm. If an image is processed using the k means algorithm, the user further has the option to change particular colors in the k means image using the 'hues' switch; upon being clicked will activate a color dialog window and allow the user to change these colors at their will.